* - This rule may occasionally be ignored if the situation calls for it. Ask the host.

__PLAYABLE NATIONS__

ALLIES: USA, UK, FRANCE, RAJ, AUSTRALIA, CANADA, SAF, BRAZIL, MEXICO, USSR, MONGOLIA
AXIS: GERMANY, ITALY, JAPAN, SIAM, MANCHU, HUNGARY, ROMANIA, BULGARIA, YUGOSLAVIA, SLOVAKIA, FINLAND, SPAIN

__GENERAL RULES__
0. Most of the rules are guidelines. Host has the last say on the rules. If you're unhappy with a host's judgement, tell a mod. If the host is a mod... :-)
1. No cheats or exploits - host decides what cheats or exploits are
2. *No justifications outside of focuses
3. The games are historical - the mod prevents unhistorical actions and events as much as possible, but it is still worth saying: anything that deviates too much from historical gameplay is not allowed
4. Historical events in #hist-timeline may occur as soon as 6 months before or as late as 6 months after their historical date
5. Cannot use spies for anything other than operations (excluding coups), networks and counter-intel
6. Cannot release puppets of any kind unless done through focus/event
7. No tension spiking
8. No annexing allies or puppets before 1.1.1939
9. *No civ boosting, only trade-backs are permitted (mutual trade)
10. No deleting/lend-leasing stockpiles to avoid capture by the enemy
11. No non-playable nations may be invited/accepted into factions (excluding nations that automatically join factions)
__ARMY RULES__
1. No armor mixing
2. No Space Marines - support companies are excluded
3. No armor divisions directly on port - preparing for naval invasions is excluded, within reason
4. Encircled divisions:
 a. Encircled divisions may not be deleted
 b. Encircled divisions may not have their template changed
 c. The rules above apply for divisions that are clearly on the brink of being encircled as well - for everyone's sake, don't mass convert or delete divs when their safety is questionable
5. No paratroopers (temporary)
6. No teleporting
7. No deploying troops on the front line
__NAVY RULES__
1. No Submarine Hull III/IV (their modules are permitted)
2. No Snorkels
3. No use of "Always Engage" on Submarines
4. Submarine fleets must have at least 7 subs
4. No use of "Do Not Engage" unless used for a spotting fleet
5. No capital ships cheaper than 5000IC
6. No mass disbanding of ships
7. No hiding in neutral ports
8. No mine-laying
__AIRFORCE RULES__
1. No Logi Bombing - this includes targeting supply related buildings when Strat Bombing
2. No Airzone Flicking - rapidly switching air zones
__AXIS RULES__
1. Sealion may only happen after France has capped
2. The Italian Navy may not leave the Med before they go to war
3. Finland may not join the Axis before Barb
4. No lend lease to Finland before the end of the Winter War
5. Spain may join the Axis only after France has capped
6. European Axis members may not enter direct combat in Asia before capturing the Suez
7. Japan may not naval invade Raj without capturing either the Singapore or Indonesian straits
8. Japan may invade the USSR if one of the conditions below is met:
 a. Raj and Australia have capped, Singapore is captured
 b. Raj and Australia have capped, Barb has lasted at least 1 year
 c. Raj has capped, Barb has lasted at least 2 years
 d. The date is 1.1.1944 or later
9. Japan may send troops to Europe if Raj, Australia and SAF have capped
__ALLIED RULES__
1. USA must join the war if the UK is on the brink of capping
2. No allies may station troops in mainland Europe other than France before they cap
3. Max. 1000 planes in mainland Europe before France has capped
4. Allies may not interfere with Weserburung.
5. France must pull out of mainland Europe if they have not capped by 1.8.1942
6. Bulgarian rearmament may not be denied
7. No allies may invade mainland Japan before they capture Marcus Island, Iwo Jima and Okinawa
8. USSR may not annex Finland before Barb
9. No allies may fight in USSR before Japan has capped
10. UK may annex puppets after 1.1.1940 - limited to 1 per year
11. France may not deny Indochina
